README.md, before:

# RepairTech Refund Policy

Refund policies can be complicated and frustrating. We wanted our Refund Policy to be straightforward and fair. If you ever feel unhappy with our products, just email support@repairtechsolutions.com and we'll take care of you.

### Examples of full refunds we'd grant
- If you were just charged for your next month of TechSuite, but you meant to cancel, we’re happy to refund that extra charge.
- If you forgot to cancel TechSuite a couple months ago, and you haven’t used TechSuite since then, we’ll give you a full refund for a few back months. No problem.

### Examples of partial refunds or credits we'd grant
- If you forgot to cancel TechSuite a year ago, and there’s been activity on your account since then, we’ll review your account usage and figure out a partial refund based on how many months you used it.
- If we had extended downtime (multiple hours in a day, or multiple days in a month) we’d issue a partial credit to your account.

### Have Questions?
Let us know at support@repairtechsolutions.com, we're happy to help.

Commit message:

added Kabuto examples to refund policy.

README.md, after:

# RepairTech Refund Policy

Refund policies can be complicated and frustrating. We wanted our Refund Policy to be straightforward and fair. If you ever feel unhappy with our products, just email support@repairtechsolutions.com and we'll take care of you.

### Examples of full refunds we'd grant
#### TechSuite
- If you were just charged for your next month of TechSuite, but you meant to cancel, we’re happy to refund that extra charge.
- If you forgot to cancel TechSuite a couple months ago, and you haven’t used TechSuite since then, we’ll give you a full refund for a few back months. No problem.

#### Kabuto
- If you were just charged for payment period of Kabuto, but you meant to cancel, we’re happy to refund that extra charge.

### Examples of partial refunds or credits we'd grant
- If you forgot to cancel TechSuite a year ago, and there’s been activity on your account since then, we’ll review your account usage and figure out a partial refund based on how many months you used it.
- If we had extended downtime (multiple hours in a day, or multiple days in a month) we’d issue a partial credit to your account.

#### Kabuto
- If monitoring is cancelled on a computer partway through the billing period, we'd issue a partial credit to your account.
- If the account's plan is downgraded in the middle of the year, the appropriate difference in price would be applied as credit. 

### Have Questions?
Let us know at support@repairtechsolutions.com, we're happy to help.
